Octane Tutorial Updates (#1159)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/tutorial/11-route-params.md

```js { data-filename="app/components/rental.hbs" data-diff="-7,+8,+9,+10,+11,+12" }
<article class="rental">
  <Rental::Image
    src={{@rental.image}}
    alt="A picture of {{@rental.title}}"
  />
  <div class="details">
    <h3>{{@rental.title}}</h3>
    <h3>
      <LinkTo @route="rental" @model={{@rental}}>
        {{@rental.title}}
      </LinkTo>
    </h3>
    <div class="detail owner">
      <span>Owner:</span> {{@rental.owner}}
    </div>
    <div class="detail type">
      <span>Type:</span> {{@rental.type}}
    </div>
    <div class="detail location">
      <span>Location:</span> {{@rental.city}}
    </div>
    <div class="detail bedrooms">
      <span>Number of bedrooms:</span> {{@rental.bedrooms}}
    </div>
  </div>
  <Map
    @lat={{@rental.location.lat}}
    @lng={{@rental.location.lng}}
    @zoom="9"
    @width="150"
    @height="150"
    alt="A map of {{@rental.title}}"
  />
</article>
```

Since we know that we're linking to the `rental` route that we just created, we also know that this route requires a dynamic segment. Thus, we need to pass in a `@model` argument so that the `<LinkTo>` component can generate the appropriate URL for that model.

> Let's see this in action. If we go back to our browser and refresh the page, we should see our links, and they should all link to the correct URLs.

Reviewer: We should give a clue in this sentence that the links are incorrect. People try things out immediately and a broken state tends to surprise them. They go backwards, looking for something they did wrong.

```suggestion
Let's see this in action. If we go back to our browser and refresh the page, we should see our links, and they have URLs. But something isn't quite right yet!
```

<img src="/screenshots/11-route-params/broken-links@2x.png" alt="Broken links" width="1024" height="1129">

> Wait a second—we have links, but they are all pointing to `/rentals/undefined`. Yikes! This is because `<LinkTo>` tries to use the `id` property from our model in order to replace the dynamic segment and generate the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The links are all pointing to `/rentals/undefined`. Yikes! This is because `<LinkTo>` tries to use the `id` property from our model in order to replace the dynamic segment and generate the URL.
```
